Update documentation (#1254)
lambdaclass/cairo_native: docs/compilation_walkthrough.md

also check each statement whether it is branching, and store the predecessors of
each block. The predecessors are used to create the auxiliary landing blocks.

After finishing the function structure, we need to generate the initial state,
which is a hash map holding the data we currently have, that is, the function
arguments.

Starting from this initial state, the compiler walks the entire tree of
statements in a depth-first manner, generating the implementation for all the
invocations in order. While this happens, the state is updated accordingly (the
invocation arguments are removed while the results are inserted).

Then it loops on the statements of the function, on each statement it does
the following:

- Check if there the gas metadata is present and whether the current statement
  has a cost, then insert the `GasCost` metadata if it exists. This metadata
  will be removed before the next statement is processed.
- Get the block and potential landing block for this statement.
- Build the statement. This step may require extra blocks, which will be
  inserted immediately after the first one.

While handling each statement on the function, the libfunc code generators may

> build the types they need (ex. arguments and return values) using the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
build the types they need (e.g. arguments and return values) using the
```
